# What is AI, really? (1p)

## 1. What is the research problem?

The chosen article is [Reinforcement Learning with Trajectory Feedback](https://ojs.aaai.org/index.php/AAAI/article/view/16895) from AAAI21.  
Based on the abstract the research problem is trying to estimte the reward of reinforcement learning based on a weaker form of feedback compared to having to estimate a reward for every single state-action pair.

## 2. Is the topic related to the topics of this course?

I think so. It's about a reward estimation method for reinforcement learning, which is an area of machine learning.

## 3. Generally speaking, what impression does the article give about modern AI research? Reflect on the history and philosophy of AI discussed above

Without really any experience in reading research papers, to me it seems that the referenced papers are also very recent. To me it seems that most of the research happening on modern AI is fairly recent with only a references being from before the year 2000. Philosophically this doesn't seem much like AI, and more about statistics or mathematics.

## 4. What studies would be needed to undertand the article in detail?

I guess this course or some other intro to what modern AI actually is, and some further studies into reinforcement learning could be enough. The research seems to be highly related to some other studies so even that might not be enough, and it's likely that a lot of knowledge on what is currently going on with AI research would also be necessary.

## 5. Bonus question: Considering the article you chose, how relevant is the ''Terminator'' scenario where AI becomes self-conscious and turns against the humankind?

It seems unlikely. The research still seems very specific and not something that suddenly solves itself and goes out of control.
